what's with the jeans what's up guys oh
shit
mom's house number two your mom's with
the Jew you're here with your two
mommies Tom and Christina plus red band
and Happy Hanukkah sitting in the corner
yes we're hiding over to the side we put
him in the corner
ari sits in the back of the bus oh it's
good to be back at your mom's house on a
beautiful Thursday afternoon one of the
nicest December's weather-wise and Los
Angeles for a while it's crazy I don't
think people understand what kind of
craziness we deal with it don't live in
Southern California it was we've had
heat crankin for like a week and then
today windows open about that day
Schwartz 40s to 75 overnight
everywhere else covered in snow
everywhere easy boy
is it really covered in snow everywhere
they're not having everywhere but there
are definitely roads covered in snow
except for us yeah well Northeast
Midwest I think it's called a shit in a
lot of places right now I was in the D
like two weeks ago that shit was cold
Detroit date while they talk was fuckin
freezing and they didn't think it was
good God hasn't even started yet man
yeah
Detroit always sucks when is it good
they're like two months well I'll be
there in New Year's Eve that's gonna be
fucking awesome so how about let's not
bash the beach are you doing the New
Year show sir I'm doing New Year's Eve
at Joey's yeah yeah well I'm saying yeah
we are gonna plug it yeah I'm gonna plug
I'm I'm gonna be at the Palace of Fine
Arts in San Francisco with like other
people he wins no no have you been to
the D on New Year's Eve it's a good
fucking time now
everybody wins in the D I'm looking
forward to might be frozen in there
like that I probably will be idea New
Year's plans already or no yeah Joe's
having a show in Vegas that should be
not fun at all that will be fun yeah
that's a huge place though I guess that
holds like 1,700 people so we're trying
to he's trying to figure out you know
maybe getting like a band or a DJ or do
some kind of special event then Wow or
more songs yeah yeah I mean mine my than
you know is like 5,000 5,000 something
like that yeah but it's already sold out
like why you downsizing lately is just
because the economy yeah as well I just
I mean arenas are just hard to feel
intimate with yeah yeah for real so when
you guys aren't together for years it
will hit you kiss yeah you might have
some sticky lips to kiss show the skin
when your watch is fraud okay what's
this right here ready all right what's
this from its pointy nose what's going
on what am i doing that's right yeah you
know what to go to waste this drop yeah
there's so much protein yeah that's what
girls girls love to do it when you blast
on a girl's face and it can't be wasted
mm-hmm you have to put every drop in
your mouth that's a guy right he's
finishing right now my neighbor's
Optimus Prime is transforming every time
he comes to me transforms it's kind of
annoying yeah yes bumblebee over it's
2:00 a.m. is transforming all night long
wait when we were here last last week so
a we have Thanksgiving yeah how would
you think wait did we do it after
Thanksgiving or before before yeah how
was your Thanksgiving anything that's uh
well I just kind of sat here and had a
little
shut up dude no no one called me I would
say you know I went to somebody's house
hung out with babies got more baby fever
than normal you have baby fever yeah I
don't have baby fever until I hang out
with them and then and then I'm just
like me it's like better than puppy it's
wait a minute
I don't know this puppy's music your
puppy's amazing this baby was amazing I
was a sucker and did things like I would
go Boop and then the baby go Boop and
then I'm like yeah man how was the baby
and what like a year and a half year oh
it's good yeah baby baby oh was it was
an re baby baby okay
now but in the end I went to and you got
a feat of blood all the time
give it gold chuckles or else
oh yeah that's from your Segura's Gura
present and Merry Christmas
Cosby team try Oz being Christian family
to another that's right the way it
should be
that's right B birthday baby oh but it
is sound start I think yesterday it
started and then no the fuck out the
money board and they'll take over the
bank's thing they do Happy Hanukkah are
you celebrating Hanukkah re right now
are you did you get a present yet no
it's not a big holiday it's actually not
a big holiday at all it's not like Yom
Kippur or something but it's still a
really did I just spit that out
wait a minute is Yom Kippur when Elijah
has a seat at the dinner table that's
Passover sorry so you don't celebrate oh
yeah they all do you like the lights and
Hanukkah is like the day like when like
all the studio heads what is it again
it's like new like a new oh it's a
Christmas release
season all like whatever the biggest
movies for the winter are yes you got
I knew about that
yeah years ago did you get anything
though did you start off I do not start
up with anything at all I want to get
you something I know I feel like you
need a present company is gift enough
wow that's really generous of you it's
insurance that's not true I'm sure
you're mocking me no no I don't care
it's fun okay I'll get you something
thank you how many days is it a nice
night too so you got plenty of time now
do you have a meal with your family
every night when you like no you have la
cousin and um applesauce that's it with
them but no knots a million minor minor
holidays it's really like if people get
together okay what time of the year is
Passover isn't like in the spring but
well they give gift sir
just one whoever finds a little me we
went everybody off the comb I guess it
gets some money no what's the Alfie coma
the head of the household has to hide
the monster bread and some sort of
ritualistic I don't understand what
they're doing there but whoever finds it
whichever kid finds it mm-hmm
now do most families did they try to do
it so like when they kid like every kid
gets a chance to find go or is it like
hey Ari six nights in a row motherfucker
am prize I never gets a little something
okay it's kind of like being on a
reality show where you get nothing if
you lose but really you get ten grand
okay oh wow how much this the minimum
amount they give to the kids survivor
though got 10 grand to start with are
you serious
is that what you got as a kid I was
talking about like in network television
show Survivor I've heard of it but sit
Hanukkah know you get something like
small like oh like three grand about it
okay Road rules challenges they give you
like 5 grand how would you know about
that because I've done one you've done
roaming cry did you win
fuck no I'm terrible at it I I had a
nervous breakdown three days into it
well how about how about a little
backstory yeah what season are we
talking about the road roles many years
ago like 12 years ago I was on road rule
6 for a season for one season ok and
what they do is in the a ski bag later
and then you do a challenge a new
challenge like the real world or
whatever other life or losers that are
still around doing each other so like
there's people that make a career out of
these challenges like this guy mark long
who's like 45 years old and he just does
challenges you imagine his whole life
but just people there's people there one
way talent show great at it that like
just that's all they do their whole
whole whole life is doing that rake in
the dough cuz you can win like maybe 50
grand on the challenges so if you don't
mind being set on fire or like but how
much do you make which is on your balls
you'll make a lot of them how much do
you make during this before that like
just doing this season
so just to show up the one challenge I
did they give you it no not the
challenge I mean like I don't give you
shit I made like $500 no I won $400 a
week cuz they they don't bill you as
Talent
they get around that by billing you as
an employee of Buena Marie the
production cut but you can still win
money doing the season right not on road
rules the original no they take your
money away and then they're like you got
a wrestled crocodiles to eat tonight but
the challenge is where you can really
rake it in the challenge is on like when
you go back yes sorry yes yes that's but
that's retarded
I mean no nobody over the age of 26 or
you didn't mean like I remember one time
you're like you want to win this bicycle
you got to sit on a black ice in a
bikini for an hour and a half and I was
like you know what I can fucking by
myself yeah I have a target down the
street I just I'm good the other prizes
are whack for you you know I used to be
addicted that shows have you been on
anything else did you did you do the
whole thing where you're on wheel
fortune the next week know what they do
what they do is you challenge like we
challenge the Seattle real world cast oh
so you did those shows like real world
versus road rolls yes cool and that was
fun those in Seattle and like this guy
David on the show he knocked out one of
his front he and his tooth is all black
and rather than like go to the dentist
it was all black and he tried to French
me Wow and I was like oh your mouth
smells like shit
I saw puck the other day honest and he
hasn't changed he's he's crazy
that's your first Puerto Rican with on
that show the first Puerto Rican boy I
ever frenched
else's aimless Oscar Road rules islands
cast thank you for my Oscar if you're
out there she still thinks of it I do
not know thinks available and his pencil
thin pencil and the gold chains chicken
bones he threw chicken bone 23 and his
wife beater he was like but that's not
my job
because that's my job Berto Rico so when
you were to Rica national anthem no it
is there's this there's a line where
they go and put some rum in the baby's
milk I think I think that's gold chains
and jog down the beach Captain Morgan is
also a body spray she loves them just so
if you're out there in Eureka you got a
shot can I say Kenzi cuz I like the
Ricans they got the nice tan skin and
blue eyes and that's such a rare
combination III was best friends with
him two of them in college that they
were cousins and one was like an
ultimate kickboxer and like like this
one guy a drunk guy after the bars once
was giving me shit for some reason I
don't know who's up in my face and I've
know where my friend root his name was a
Ruben just came up and like did like a
backflips kick to his face and knocked
the guy out I was like what the fuck I
mean this guy was like a Grateful Dead
head wearing sandals kicks the my face
and then goes home and plays the guitar
and hacky sacks it was yeah they're all
like that yeah the one I frenched was
like the Puerto Rican Aristotle he was
so smart really yeah philosopher you
wish he was a philosopher he was like he
was like if you sit here long enough and
you'd look like you're not working then
then they don't know you're not working
you know if you keep doing stuff then
they're gonna ask you to do more stuff
so just likes it here let's Mexican sign
you my philosophy my philosophy is
simple you know suck it he was number I
will say he was not the brightest candle
we just said he's fucking brilliant no
they they thought he did his casting
when they casted him there like Oscars
like the Puerto Rican Aristotle I swear
to God absolutely but you're saying he
really wasn't that bright you know I
don't think he was he wasn't dumb but he
wasn't like you're putting this out
there in Oxford what do you mean what am
i putting it up I'm just saying live
with you guys charming he was very
charming and ice I was very mean and
smelly back then you know yes because we
were on the road I lived out of a stupid
backpack for a month and I stank like
shit that's what speed sticks for he
romanced me with his Puerto Rican ways
why they all play guitar in Puerto Rico
yeah ceviche Oh a comb-over they all can
do that
ceviche yeah they all can sing they all
can slip out of cuffs they all have a
lot of parents Whittle a shiv out of a
bar of soap yeah they're amazing I used
to be really into asian girls quick does
it really yeah I mean I was like
hardcore I never had it never yeah I
think once I had I was like oh I get it
my dad's banging a chinese broad right
now that's right totally yeah she's all
right yeah she's nice lady she's a nice
lady yeah yeah hey pounding that shit
down I talked to a few people lately
that they say the way to go is Mexican
chicks that move just non-stop all day
all night they just want a fuck fuck
fuck fuck here's the problem is that you
don't not only dating her you're dating
the whole family Mexicans tend to be
more no they all share a room and stuff
for me
dated yeah just get with one that you
know has like a lot of dead family
members right they'll have to worry
about that shit they do like to fuck
though that's for sure yeah how many
Mexicans have you slept with
I heard half Jew half Mexican is like
the the data key that's actually a
really good why but Jewish broads don't
like to do anything right
oh I heard the opposite her Jewish bras
are just like blowjobs hand jobs sitting
re what what's the truth here we have to
consult our Jew I'm actually way less of
an expert because I stick away as much
as I stay away from Jews I try but
you've had them before yeah I mean what
is your overall like there are you
saying like they're just like overall
based on like that the two or three I've
had yeah have abortions really easily
were they like needy were they bad to
date or they no one is super hot what's
what's the book what was the bad thing I
thought was there anything bad about her
just don't they don't look that a little
bit lonely super young ones how about
Israeli chick so different okay they can
fucking get it that's what I wonder
Chanukah I want a couple of Raley's a
sit on my face just keep eating that
matzo ball soup and I just yeah
absolutely
just I can't I'm not we discussed this
last week not that you would know that's
but I'm very phobic of that region of my
body I'm just not that kind of girl
yeah it's poopy poopy feces comes out of
there maybe your boom-boom hole you're
no no do you do that with a lot you do
that unlike one-night stands is that I
have done it I know one nightstand you
eat an ass
well you have to think about it that's a
yes no I don't know if I don't know
maybe yeah
oh yeah I have a you like it you enjoy
it no I'm okay with it sometimes has it
been done to you yeah I don't care for
either way how about you read then what
have you do do you have eye medicine
yeah right to have sex have you know do
you eat ass on like a first time hooker
if I'm drunk I eat ass yeah yeah if I'm
sober no I wouldn't really think about
it but sometimes I've been just fucking
crazy drunken you're having crazy drunk
sex and just eating and then you're just
going the whole you know yeah but I'm
not sitting there like spreading as open
like putting tongue in just like has
been done to you huh
no I would never allow that right what
can I tell you there's nothing uglier
than a woman doing photographs your time
is violently showed me violently showing
you you know my voice is you
I mean it's like it's an ocular assault
if you will he and I have gotten this is
a bad thing we've done this week is
where we've been text messaging each
other
horrifying pictures we did that last
week - oh we sign up yes shit
so now but now it's gone to text
messaging each other and he sent me a
rusty trombone picture and it is so
horrifying it's kind of cute here's what
I want - Oh what about you didn't oh I'm
sorry I'm late I was late very late I'm
sorry I was I was doing this show called
The Smoking Gun presents where it's like
a clip show and I got to see and meet
leif Garrett today and he's on the new
at the new Celebrity Rehab if that gives
you any idea of what he looks like right
now I've heard that the whole show The
Celebrity Rehab they're really
stretching I'm looking for like like one
of the people was like oh that your fame
is that you had sex with Tiger Woods
you're one out of like yeah yeah
I had sex I heard that and she's in
there by the way she's in there because
she's addicted to love that's why she's
in there that's sex that's stretching
show yeah that's stretching well I'm
excited to see it he got into some
accident and he didn't look very good
and I guess he was doing heroin for like
15 years
life late for me
Oh actually I don't know I think it
might be leaf I think it's leaf care if
Garrett yeah have you ever done heroin
no I don't think no I've never shot up
anything I think I've snorted something
that somebody said was like booze or
whatever and I don't think it was like I
saw dead babies crawling on the ceiling
or anything so maybe not was it pretty
intense
I don't know whatever it was I like
again I don't think it was heroin I
think I would know if I snorted here I
just learned that chocolate ty weed is
weed dipped in opium and that's why it's
black I didn't know that huh and that's
why it's like so powerful what's chief
is that what it's called like that
powder shit that you put on top of weed
or the end of cigarettes is it hash
that's what I thought it was I thought
it was hash well you're not talking
about that to let that branch they chew
and the no no it's like a powder thing I
think it's like a hash or something like
that and but I already said it was like
the the resin out of grinding weed did
you ever smoke chocolate I know it
sounds really crazy though yeah it
sounds like it will fuck you yeah
chocolate huh yeah it's like I guess
like the weed will again it's been
dipped in opium that's why he's black
and like one hit one hits like yeah I
went at a pot store the other day and
they had you know like they have their
normal stuff he ever cookies your
caramel corns and suckers and chocolate
and stuff and the woman that was working
on it say we asked him like how are
these Listerine strips you know are they
strong enough supposed to have ups
because I'm on one right now I'm fucked
I'm gonna try that Tommy I tried it yeah
Wow
don't ever yeah I'm done with edibles in
general I'll smoke weed strong but we
were in a shop yesterday looking at
vaporizers there was there like $1,000
vaporizers atomy are not worth it I have
like really I have three of them why are
they not worth it to you well some
people like them some people don't but
it's kind of like hey just put a bunch
of weed in here yeah I feel like I'm
getting something he doesn't work for so
yeah I mean it's all right it just seems
like the amount of weed that you go
through to the yeah the high-end it it's
like okay yeah I'm gonna be this high
because I just put fucking two bowls in
this motherfucker you know if I had one
bowl when I took like three hits from it
be just as high if not better you know
it just seems like it goes through weed
too much it also it seems like it has to
be like you know the exact temperature
and if it goes a little bit too high
then it starts burning it and then you
start getting smoke anyway and then if
it's too low you're not getting whatever
it just seems I think if you're gonna
get one the only one to get is the
volcano yeah but again I was you know
just buy a nice glass bomb I feel like
you shouldn't weed smoke you shouldn't
be that complicated no just right that's
why I like joints joints are the best
you get pulled over you eat it you know
yeah yeah if you have a ball or if you
have a pipe or whatever you you pull it
over yeah or a pipe that you have to
fucking put up your ass or something you
know joint all right you the joint oh no
yeah it's true you got to put that all
up your ass we're getting over being
sick too I had only a week ago and then
and then I gave I gave it to you we went
to Arizona
yes I'd chosen Arizona and Tom was home
so we could accompany me greet her gave
her aid in the room oh we watched
football day and I loved being sick
sometimes really yeah you just gonna hat
well because it's at least even though
you feel like shit that's four days
three days that you're like I'm sorry
dude I'm but you know what I mean like
you're resting yeah it is gonna reverse
your body's way of being like hey
asshole stops
you needed me to not talk to people or
do shit yeah it's so sad like I don't we
don't allow ourselves that's pitch right
normally we have the planet like no
three months from now I am going to
fucking go skiing I'm not gonna work you
should plug that actually that was a
give them a plug they're good guys no no
sorry yeah stand up Scottsdale it's in
Scottsdale Arizona it's uh it's a
wonderful room this guy Howard Hughes
brings in really good comics every week
I think Andrew norelli is there this
weekend if you yeah the original oh yeah
I know this is the hour to use as a
different guy but it's a great room and
it's fun really good you should check it
out go to stay another two Friday was an
interesting show because it was a room
full of like really rowdy black people
and like it can be that can be either
really like fun or really scary but
ended up being really fun it's cool yeah
a lot of heckle areas that way your
sword good next time yeah there's a lot
I wish we could post that no I don't
wish actually I take that back
god I hope you know actually I think
about this a lot I think this is
important to talk about for a second I
always think about whenever I see like
really obese people I'm really obese
like over 400 500 pounds how they shit
how they wipe how often they do they
break toilets they I think they have a
wet towel in a bucket like put this
whole towel on there and they kind of do
like the flaws that the stripper doesn't
really happen I think they have to do
something because I was thinking about
that the other day for no reason at all
but I was around somebody that was a
little bit chubby yeah and I was
thinking about the same thing wondering
yeah that's impossible I see that
airports and the mall and stuff I'm like
look at the size of this my just what
does it smell like weird I can tell you
that what does what does a junk smelling
or they think somehow I get one of those
sprinklers like that and they just sit
it on lies the full stream like you know
sit on the ground well some of them
clearly can't reach right can't really a
hole no
did you ever seen that documentary about
like the thousand-pound man Manuel Uribe
yes he gets married he gets married in
DLC and there's this one scene Tommy
remember where he his fiance gets the
privilege of powdering his balls mm-hmm
and he has to catch momentum he has a
rock band one two three and any rolls
back and he lifts one of these like nine
stomachs he lifts it up rolls back she
throws powder like real quickly Nikko
there's all kinds of Schilling arm with
him he has these two guys that come in
the that massage him it's not like a
traditionalist he's sitting guy they
just to make sure there's circulation
going and he's like I like the way he
made me McBee I pee every time that you
rub me like that because he like it says
it relaxes him eats pisses himself so
not only do they have to fucking rub his
thousand-pound ass he pisses himself
it's time for exercise remember and then
play like shitty music and then he just
jiggles his man tits around like he's
like like this this exercise it's also a
very like by the way like a third-world
European thing like I was on I was on
vacation I was an asana yeah and there
was a guy that came in or as a steam
room a guy came in in his towel and he
starts going like this he starts doing
like stretches and I was like what are
you doing man and he's like I'm doing my
exercises they like they equate like
doing this like raising their arms above
their heads with working out they're
like I'm working out oh you know man
that's an Eastern European thing and
that's a Chinese thing my old
neighborhood in San Francisco every
morning this Chinese when we get out in
front and she would go and she would
just move her arms up and down and
that's enough
Wow like Tai Chi they love to do Tai Chi
and the Park Asian people it looks
terrible so do you guys practice any
kind of religion at all
well we're both you know I mean do you
good ones last time either of you guys
go - I've gone to church it's been a
while last time well we're both
Catholics okay like raised somewhat he
was raised more Catholic than I but I
went to an all-girls Catholic so it's
better as imparted once since she's been
here higher standards right moral or
immoral behavior yeah we got married in
a church Catholic ceremony yeah we did
yeah did you release doves and shit it
was so bad we had a black choir black my
name in choir
really yeah II got one as a surprise for
me they were ready they were ready to do
it man there is so it was awesome it was
actually really cool and the best part
is that at the reception we invited like
the staff at the resort that we were
staying at to come and join in and cuz
we have there were friends with us by
the time we had gone to the wedding and
peas Bahamian women there's so great
though they were just like dropping and
popping and liking and grinding against
my husband why don't we been married
that fat black chest was totally just
smashing my junk like moments after I
got married that was like you know like
if she wasn't there I've been like fuck
it let's do this it was right after I
got married and I was like I just got
married right now she was just like I
don't care I want you to hit me
let's go back to the fat people real
quick yeah I was thinking which way down
can I can I get turned down here here
your volume yeah and which one is it
whatever one you're pregnant I think
everything is I know you imbalanced mine
fat people are endlessly fascinating I
mean if you're sitting down on the
toilet and and if you're just one fold
off then it's like pooping inside your
own skin and squirting off the side of
the toilet murder there's all kinds of
shit mishaps that happen in super fat
people every day think about it if you
know that's gonna happen why don't you
spread sit down I know a guy in college
who was shocked I was like four or five
hundred pounds and he sometimes he would
shit in the bathtub
and then just run the water you can stop
why cuz he was fuckin 500 pounds right
and he just was like fuck it
don't they build toilets for fat people
I wonder maybe we double wides cuz I
would want one just to have one like sit
on the end of a side of a bucket you
know that'd be cool yeah I guess so I
mean I I think it's more like well I
know I know a guy who was 300-plus
pounds who crushed a toilet at an office
one time Wow like in a you know like in
an office hallway you know six dolls
sitting there shit in the toilet
collapsed he's laying in water and shit
oh my god he was only three and change
okay so I imagine that has to be
something that it happens to cuz you see
people that are four or five hundred
pounds like you know it's not that rare
actually here right see it all the time
actually
right so you know that there's got to be
that issue I just I also really want to
know how much they shit I'm 230 right
now yeah I'm I I and I want to I want to
lose weight more than anything just to
be able to embrace making fun of fat
people and feeling good about it right
because there's for me it's like one of
the great joys is making fun of fat
people but if you're fat then you're
like I'm kind of fuckin you know I'm fat
too but I know if I can get down to like
you know 200 or something I can be like
everyone's a fat piece of shit I could
really enjoy it more yeah well maybe
it's the opposite though maybe it's like
you know how gay people if they just
liked using the word faggot and then you
stopped being gay and you can't use the
word faggot anymore you know so might
want to see a little chub innocent you
know holy go those out making fun of fat
if you lose the way if you're not fat at
all
you can have Jen
in contempt for them which i think is a
fun time I enjoyed it like I feel it
somewhat and then I'm like how you got
it I look back a little but back to the
point though I've taken some pretty big
shits right I imagine that a four five
six hundred pound person has to take
just amazing just ridiculous shits like
I haven't clogged a toilet a toilet with
just shit no re you should talk to you
about shit really the cogs toilets
everyday just was just was shit I know
there's piss in there it's not paper
it's just
wait a minute doodoo Browns come on yeah
are you serious
yeah don't go that often I go look every
few days that's that's really bad you
know every day how do you not go that
often what do you eat man whatever
whatever whatever pretty much whatever
today is really dogging no I'm a dog
you have you shit today I'd not know
you've not shit today oh no I said this
morning excuse me it wasn't the first
time in awhile it was it was the first
time in the last two days yeah doesn't
it make you feel sick when you don't
make a brown for a day or two or three
like at what point would you think it
would start making me feel sick because
I don't like six hours in where's what
I'll tell you in because I didn't make a
boom-boom yesterday cuz I was just
laying on the couch idle just being sick
yeah and I didn't make a brown and at
night I felt a gurgling and it was kind
of uncomfortable like there was a lot of
stuff in there that needed to come out
so did it come out eventually
yeah it did thanks for asking okay yeah
I just know I just don't have to go I
don't go
no no so you this is a like so
throughout a week you might shoot three
times or four times in a week three or
four times yeah yeah you know that
sometimes it's like everyday for like
three or four straight days I don't want
to be a mommy cuz even though we're in
your mom's house right now yeah but you
need to eat some fiber son I do it
sounds all time from Ralph's and I have
those all brands things what if I got
you some fiber bars for Hanukkah except
that's why you don't make a boom-boom
every day you never
it kick-starts the engine pretty nicely
yeah that's why we do it it's okay when
I dump it's fuckin huge really it's
really you a lot of times in hotels you
all them really do you have like
shredded little little strands or big
ones sometimes it all comes out in a big
blue you know when is him when does it
clog the most when it's when it's little
pieces that come out of like a big piece
of - because the big piece it's like I
feel like gets in the way it's like a
log you know that won't and then the
other pieces can't get by that first
piece it all goes straight straight and
this happens how about at your own
places you cogito huh really yeah this
is no paper Oh some paper in it yeah
yeah but I mean you're clogging without
paper if sometimes I have flushed
halfway through huh why I get the paper
involved there you go your strategy
right if it's gonna go you clogged I'm
gonna get this clear you've clogged
without paper like just a shake log wow
that's impressive it's amazing that's
really impressive I I'm a big I'm a
paper clogger we just overload of the
paper and well because I have such a
hairy ass like I know that yes it came
back yeah that wasn't my ass right oh no
whose was it that was nobody that was my
bellybutton oh wow look you do that I
got a lot of responses they're like dude
that's horrifying I do not know but my
ass is really hairy and so that's why I
wipe a lot didn't come back since in
Annapolis oh yeah yeah see that looks
like it looks like it quick oh sure
Tommy uses so much toilet paper I feel
like I can't replenish it fast enough
you guys switch to the the wet the wet
the wet wipes that don't wet wipes it's
something that usually happens when you
were like 32 or 33 you start getting
into the wet I like what wipes I've done
it before
it's gentle have bottom my bottom a few
times it's like a kissing look at that
if you look at if you look at like
toilet paper it's so rough and violent
it is okay can I tell you something in
the Arab world cuz I was there like in
August last August for like the whole
month of Ramadan which is terrible that
they the Arabs believe that how
we why power bomb bombs is violent and
disgusting like why would you take a dry
sand paper essentially and then mush the
poo against your butthole they probably
do ogre so they have a bidet
now not all people use bidets in the
Middle East they use their hands to some
people use their you can talk about this
last time did we know wow I've actually
had a bad day
wiping conversations lately lasers and
it finds your butthole and great yeah
they have these toilets like in the
United States that the toilets are
having no they've been the same since we
were kids
yeah well overseas they have like
hi-tech toilets like everywhere and they
have toilets weird like it's a seat
warmer then there's this little laser
finds your butthole and comes out and
squirts water on your butt and then this
little hair dryer comes out and hair
dries or she's running her head on my
arm right now Twix sea vixen do you guys
follow Twix see vixen on no but I think
I wouldn't you if you had like just
crazy cash wouldn't you get a stupid
fucking toilet one of the first things I
would do I know what I want I know what
I want Richard Branson on Necker Island
have you seen his toilet no it's at the
tip of this island on top of a rock it's
just a shitter on a rock on an island in
the middle of nowhere and he shits on
the majesty down as the the hill goes
down in the wide ocean shitter why
hasn't there been any paparazzi photos
Richard yeah but it's like 25 grand a
day to stay in there like Mariah Carey
stays there and shit you get the whole
staff the island is yours like the
entire staff is yours Wow you can
basically request anything that you
could be like but I want to eat a bald
eagle everything where she was out there
yep Richard Branson the reason that we
know that is because we stay there did
never you're in town yeah yet Richard
Branson just uh just released a new
magazine for the iPad that's supposed to
take like be the next generation of kind
of magazines you know magazine and print
is dying
yeah he's about to release this new
magazine it's not the first time it's
been done there's been a couple like
Wired magazine and stuff but this seems
like the first one that's dedicated just
for the iPad you know what's the
magazine about this it's just like a
maxim magazine for for the was it called
a virgin it's a I can't remember the
name of it but something like that his
uh his new space shuttle program the
virgin what is it virgin galactic right
I don't know I mean obviously companies
like you know they'll twist stuff and
spend stuff so that it makes them look
but he's they're saying that they have
just a ridiculous amount of reservations
I'm sure now that me people want to say
that they've gone to space but you how
many people can afford his program it's
really expensive a lot more every time I
Drive around especially like Los Angeles
I'm just surprised how many rich people
yeah around here you just take a drive
through the hills I mean you'll go
through each one of those houses are
like two million three million dollars
look how many millionaires are there in
this well I grew up in the valley here
and I grew up in a shitty apartment you
know with my mom say mom and I used to
go to school with these asshole kids it
just had millions of dollars and I grew
up with a girl whose dad owned like a
mall a very famous mall you're just like
really I can't even imagine horses
yachts named after her looks like it's
like this neighborhood all these houses
like they have this thing called
zillow.com you can like type in your
address and see how much they're all the
houses around you have gone for sale
laughs and what they really market value
for them is it's great they have an
iPhone app - that uses your zero Zillow
zi ll o W look at that and it's an
application that uses your GPS like
you're driving around if you're in a
neighborhood you're like come on know
how much these houses are you can find
out exactly how the house that how many
minutes the house did you say it like
Aunt Jemima when you and so it's cool
because like half these houses around
here though like $700,000 yeah but these
houses if you look around you don't
think that all these houses have like
horse stables
oh yeah and these just look like little
houses around here it's what what's
incredible is that like you can go to
like on the east side of town
you could be in Los Feliz or Silver Lake
and you can drive by obviously there's
the really impressive houses right you
can drive by ones where if you were to
say like Oh hot like the same house as
in Ohio yeah you $60,000 yeah and then
you yeah and they'll have like a flyer
up and you'll pick it up it's like we
marked it down as 650,000 we'll have an
open house what six hundred thousand
dollars for this house who lives in Los
Feliz is glenn danzig oh wow from
dancing gram at his it looks like a
haunted house like it's totally have you
seen it re you know time i it's all
shitty and rundown and crazy glenn
danzig he's little yeah you guys ever
seen that video on youtube where he gets
his ass kicked yes no I haven't seen
that oh he gets a shit kicked out of him
yeah or it was something like somebody
was talking shit to him and like after a
show and then he got in his face and the
guy just clocked him and knocked him out
Wow yeah actually uh Duncan Duncan
Trussell opened up for Danzig and what's
his name something the third Hank
Williams the third had a concert in how
did that Duncan came out with his puppet
yeah he did that before the show and
then they had some did that go well it
went awesome oh it did yeah that's where
most of the times like yeah these people
play that I talked to who does like
stand up for music shows like well this
was kind of like a weird can I remember
what it was it was I think somebody's
wedding concert so they had like that
they had some guy came out with magic
that had like Sol's and my chainsaws and
stuff so it was kind of more of like a
festival music I opened up for Ted
Nugent Wow my first hundred go fucking
awful I mean serious the Nuge his fans
were wearing like rebel flag vests and
he had an effigy of the president that
he was like oh that's right he shot an
arrow to the president yeah I've seen
that so it was just like the most
retarded I mean I ate a dick it was the
worst show ever and you know I hope you
did in my
mouths oh my god you know I did for
America though Matt Voltron the full
charge charge horse you know him
he's a really funny guy he's got a great
story about opening for Brandon Flowers
is Brandon Flowers was that his name
yeah from The Killers yeah yeah yeah
yeah we got to get him on here tell that
story of amazing holes yeah we'll have
the full charge funny do you were open
for a musical act
Tommy buns for a musical act you know I
opened a minor-league baseball game one
time it was the San Diego Sea Dogs
against the old sea-dog a team in Orange
County and this is when Rickey Henderson
was attempting to make yet another
comeback and Rickey Henderson was
playing for the Sea Dogs and so they
were like hey go down there do some
stand-up and you know you can cake you
can do a couple take a couple jabs and
Rickey Henderson and I was like okay so
I went down there a minor league
baseball game and they give you the
microphone and they're like yeah you'll
be like right after the national anthem
it's something like crazy yes yeah and I
go down there and there's like you know
as people get in hot dogs and like
there's probably a few hundred people
there and I start doing fucking Rickey
Henderson jokes I'm talking about like
how old he is and shit and like the
players are like looking at me and doing
that thing where you go like like that
chuckle where is that yeah sure look at
this asshole and I did it was fucking
mortifying I went through with like a
couple like just bits and you know
people were like staring at me like
what's it what does he do it like they
didn't know what was going on and when I
was done I was I was mortified and I was
like Jesus and the guy comes up to me
who works like runs like does the PR for
the baseball team he's like so great job
during the seventh-inning stretch want
you to go back and do like 10 minutes
and I go absolutely not it was like what
do you mean I'm not going back out there
and he was like why not go cuz I was
fucking terrible man like I don't want
to do that again he was like really and
then thank God the person that set me up
with the thing who worked at a comedy
club was there and he was like oh yeah
he's like this is the worst idea ever
yeah
is a horrible idea and they got me on
but it was it was like devastating
just saying I have the picture of me out
there it's just and I mean in the
picture thank God you can see part of
the stadium you can see that no I
basically nobody is seated because
they're fucking getting ready for their
like then walking around like yeah I
want to know another hot dog and like
waving down the beer guy and I'm like
you ever notice that's what comedies the
best is when people aren't expecting it
yes stand-ups always the best when the
crowd has no fucking clue why you're I
didn't have any shows here when I
started in LA yeah
like after a little while where you'd be
like hey you want to do a show and
you're like yeah I just want to get on
stage all right and it would be like
basically like bum rush comedy we're
like it's at the fucking restaurant over
there and you go there and people had
gone to the restaurant to eat right and
then they're like no there's a show
right and but the people didn't go oh
we're gonna go see stand-up they wanted
to go fucking have tuna family and a
steak right and then like you're gonna
see fucking show and like that's the
worst when they're like well I just want
to eat man like right I would have gone
to a comedy place I came to this place
to eat you're just ruining their dinner
right oh yeah you could - and then you
can't mean you at the time you'd be like
why aren't you enjoying this like why
aren't you laughing why are you not
looking at me Sam Tripoli does a show at
cheetahs comedy club and it's a really
cool show
yeah and so yeah so what's crazy though
is is that if I was thinking I went to
the last one I'm thinking what if you
went there just to see strippers yeah
and then there that cuz what they did is
like an hour into or like I got there
and they're like okay now it's time for
a comedy show for the next hour all
ladies off the stage and here's the
cycle that would be the worst thing ever
but that's how comedy started I believe
is it it started in strips laughing a
strippers and then some guy no but no
but right and the emcee would tell jokes
and that's how you got your stage time I
believe but now if you're a guy you like
here's some jokes you like get the fuck
what the fuck is going on yeah our
female economy could you imagine the
strippers did joke all right no
angelfire the stage and you could have
seen her on the stage you know how
sometimes when you're in the back and
the guys like why don't you pull it out
and you're like cuz the roles don't let
me but I can rub it I can rub it like
this you just can't touch me you know
how you know I mean no I would be the
worst stripper I would be the angriest
man destroyed forever
whatever you've never done stripping at
all not even like two months those girls
that tried it out you know two weeks I
would rather pick up garbage I would
rather eat human feces really yeah
rather eat human feces I think I just
it's a dignity thing it's a pride thing
I just consider it to be a really just
really terrible way to make money very a
demeaning way to make money right it's
hard I don't think it's I don't think
any girl grows up going I want to be a
stripper when I grew up I think it's a
very like thing it's a thing you maybe I
disagree I disagree I think it's I could
get paid a shitload of money just to
show my dick to people do it all day
it's not different and I think a lot of
girls out there I think if you're
stripping your are champions and your
are heroes yeah of course you guys know
the best they are the best make that
money get that money girl you know
you're gonna be gonna be 60 years old
going damn I got all those money who
cares what I did when I was 28 yeah
exactly yeah 20 eggs really no one
remembers me I used to like going to
strip clubs a lot and then now as I go
is like a 30 for old woman I just get
depressed I've never enjoyed going to
circle yeah cuz last one I went to was
like maybe two years ago in Texas where
you can see everything and I saw this
guy basically getting like face fucked
by the stripper and I was like yes you
know what I mean you just you kind of
get bummed out for that shit god
she's here in this you know I was there
kind of for fun and kind of you know but
before you would have been like laughing
having a good time you become a woman so
you see the sadness because you know
life yeah I know life and you know that
that's not like the best route I
sometimes I always was the loser
I think was just because I was a loser
and I could I with women when I was
younger but when I first start going to
strip clubs I was always the retard that
actually tried to talk to him I went to
this pyramid Reiner the other day and
it's kind of the same thing where now it
just doesn't do anything for me like I
look at these girls and go like these
poor girls yeah and but I I find myself
going I did know one time I went to a
strip club like in college night and I
was like I remember was talking to it
she was like hey so you want to dance
and I was like okay so why do you do
this and I was like wow that is the
worst like yeah that totally she was
like yeah I'm paying for school and I
was like right you can't get like her
another job and I was just totally
sabotaging situation she was like thanks
thanks a lot like I think I think you
just also the older you get to you're
like oh that's somebody's baby yeah like
that's son that girl's got a daddy and
hopefully and a mommy and like and now
she's covered in baby yeah now she's
getting showered and Tom Segura's love
mustard how do you know but I think that
yeah I do think that like as you get
older now like even when you meet not
even a stripper but like you see a girl
who's dressed like really crazy slutty
yeah whereas when you're younger you
look at that fucking chick now you're
like she's she's got a lot of problems
yeah you feel bad for it yeah you're
like you know I still want to see the
hole but I still I feel you still not
get out as we're saying it's math
shouldn't - you punch it out yeah that's
why I carry around gift certificates to
the hot topic
these two girls in Scottsdale this past
weekend that were like exemplary hot
chicks like that add the huge fake tits
and the huge the white hair and like
they look like playboy bunnies like
they're super nice girls but I was like
what's it like like what's it like being
you what's it like to be like this
perfect male fantasy all the time and
they're like what like they didn't get
there like you're pretty too and I'm
like no no it's not I'm not saying this
for you to compliment me like I'm
genuinely curious what's it like to be
how people want to fuck you constantly
like yeah I mean you're put that's what
you're putting out there is fuck me
daddy right right yeah isn't that the
way all right yeah yeah yeah if they're
putting out but but then we know but
then where you realize what it is is
that like we all do something yeah that
is yeah even the people who I'm not
seeking attention you're not but you're
putting something out there to to
present yourself to give yourself some
value that is what you do you know I
mean like you you know that like
whatever your expertise is and it gives
you value and that attracts people right
it's in some way you know the fact that
like you whether if you're a comedian
you're like well I'm funny and so you
know people know that and then it it is
it is like showing your tits it's just a
little more advanced let's say it's a
little more sophisticated it's not as
like the lowest common denominator but
it's still like you're just trying to
get you know yeah you're getting a Sofer
I think for a chick like that it's like
she doesn't know what else to do to like
give herself you know make yourself
interesting or engaging right so she
goes always put my tits out there you
know somebody will talk to me of course
stand-up comedy of course is a love me
daddy pursuit or love me Mommy I believe
me I too am a whore for this
entertainment business but in a
different fashion comedy and strippers
just go together how often does he do
this show he's everywhere Sam's doing
like he's become like a frog but he now
oh that dude I don't think ever
he'd never sleeves and he's always on
his phones from what I'm hearing like
he's just from Sam he's like what are
you doing next Thursday I got this like
he's like yeah super business
always pretty amazing is the Sam Tripoli
Sam Tripoli got me started in standup
really yep really yeah you want to hear
my same Tripoli's you're in a restaurant
in the bathroom I was chugging I was in
a glory hole and I stuck my thumb you're
out damn suck something else oh uh no
when I moved to LA I knew I wanted to do
like sometimes something with comedy and
I signed up for The Groundlings and in
my class was Sam Tripoli right so I met
Sam like one of the first people I met
and throughout the class like after you
know you get to know the people and
stuff Sam was like you would really like
stand-up you should do stand-up and I
was like yeah I just don't know what to
do like I didn't put together like go to
a comedy club I was like it had to use
do it he was like just come with me one
night so he took me one night to like
all his gigs like he had like three
spots and he showed me like you know
then I Drive to this other place and I
watched him work and like and then he
just sort of like this how you do it
that's how you just stand up and he's
the one that got me that's cool he's a
great guy he also he runs what's called
the naughty show yeah at The Improv the
naughty show Saturdays midnight by the
way is a huge fucking hit now it's
awesome yeah and here's a CD crime
fighter from like five years oh yeah and
that was that's an expression that he
had been he's been using for as long as
I've known Sam which is eight or nine
year eight years crime fighter well he'd
be like if you every time I would see
like I'd go you'd go a while without
seeing somebody every time you see Sam
you go what's going on he's like just
fighting crime bro you know it's fucking
up they're just fighting crime fucking
doing digging digging fighting crime
fucking paper pulls out yeah he's a he's
a wonderful human being I did I did the
naughty show I got to meet belladonna oh
you did I was at that one nice oh you
read oh yeah she's great yeah she's a
really very cool cool smart there's
there's definitely a group of porn stars
that have their head together they're
business oriented they're actually smart
chicks that are taking advantage of the
system you know and there's other girls
that are just like I don't know yeah
smart fucking and she can fit a baseball
bat in her culo which is a talent for
sure
already just showed me this it's a
picture of Sam Tripoli are kicking a
wall that's totally Sam Tripoli man
thank you
I was just at the improv last night and
they had a think they have like a like a
poster or something up for an upcoming
one that looks like it's like a mega
event yeah it has like all big-name
comics and all big-name porn stars yeah
yeah so that's gonna be wish I knew the
fucking date so I could plug it I think
it's December 8th December 8th or
December 9th let me just check that
right go on the Improv website improv in
Hollywood it's the Hollywood location
anyways 90 shows 17 it's called the Big
Bang it's December 9th at 10:00 p.m. at
the Hollywood improv and some of the
people they're gonna be there's Nick
Swardson he's hilarious as fuck Taylor
vixen pretty Lockhart's gonna be there
and just the one what it was line up
again what is it Nick Swardson
Freddy Lockhart see who else we got here
Taylor vixen Sarah Colonna
whatever people girlfriend oh the girl
from vh1's Daisy of love Daisy Latoya
yeah or ex no it's the sister I believe
wait from what show Daisy of love
remember we watched it for a minute I
think it was like she's attracted at
least try she rock stars well you should
definitely go to that show that show is
gonna be fucking stupid and if you
haven't been just I mean the the naughty
shows are crazy that is it's like an
event it's not just the comedy show it's
like I had to go up after he showed
videos of like naked cholos and a
bathtub hugging and then like stripper
pole dancing and then it was great and
Joe Rogan was there that night and he's
really funny tori black and ashley fire
the main pornstache tori black tori
blacks a superstar yeah who actually
fire
ashley fires I don't have any DVDs but
I've seen Tori work I know what she
knows what she's doing what's right
what's her speciality
big black cocks is she black no oh she's
a white girl I like spiders mm-hmm my
friend life my friend makes point um you
can say his name any friend of ours with
with Justin Slayer my players and it's
so it's endlessly fascinating to me like
I don't know I can't understand why
people do it you don't make that much
money important unless you're working
the system you pay like a thousand bucks
to do a scene well nowadays now that yes
what porn is dead so nowadays you make
the money by having your own website
your subscription so she's here you're
pretty much having like you have to do
like a weekly like webcam show when we
were broker more broke yeah we thought
about having manages just yeah we really
considered it and I'm like baby you
don't have to show your face no you wear
a mask yeah oh that's a good idea
masked yeah because I I mean you're not
to brag or anything but I got some
pretty good distance oh really
I think only matters if how long it's
been since I've last jacked off cuz
that's the time it's just like me like
all over my hand yeah and then sometimes
it's just shoots it hits the cat and
it's just like see it's never cooler for
me really it's always just non-stop you
drink a lot of caffeine or a lot of 7up
or no does that affect it why seltzer
probably does New York seltzer Indian I
like it yeah whether it's true or not I
want to get that rumor going got it you
guys start drinking 7up man
you do make a lot Thank You mangoo it's
really unprecedented Wow
I mean if we're talking she told me open
about this she's told me before that
like she's like this reminds me of the
three guys I was with one time yeah
really a lot yeah it's a lot
now do you see at least Jirka or have
sex once a day yeah I usually have to
get have that much still yeah he's an
animal
the demands hmm or just unreasonable
something that's weird
must be something in your diet or
heritage or something man I don't know
sounds like a good conversation to have
yeah generally the reports are that I
get back from women oh yeah
you get that yeah I actually that mean
back a long time ago yeah a long time
ago when I was with other girls all
right I would hear all the time yeah
that was a thing they're like whoa that
is a lot dude yeah I feel proud of that
yeah even though you didn't know it was
even a good thing until they said wow
that's a lot yeah the only shame that's
a good point
yeah maybe yeah yeah it was never put
from that angle it was never like guys
like they were just like that's a lot
dude do you think they took it as some
sort of sign that you were more
attractive yes I think yeah I think I
think that they were like wow he must
really like me I didn't take it that way
yeah I just figured you were healthy you
thought that was a hell thing I thought
you were just a virile Peruvian man
you're very hairy too don't you get that
you're just made what are you made of
Tom German Irish to me according
according to you according to this is
what this is what my wife tells me Ari
Shaffir my wife tells me regular she
goes if I were to describe you I would
say you were made of shit come and hair
yeah let's cuz he asked me to describe
myself in three words yesterday they're
like you know like that that that cliche
loss imrad bitching that's what she said
those are the like we know when they
like describe yourself like for like a
business like an office interview
they'll be like re describe yourself in
three words of course well how would you
answer one would be definitely jewy
right about that one wouldn't reuse it
the second time around if I say jewy see
it's just such a cheesy question it's a
horrible question because what judy is
cheap and you know counting money
I understand all the greats he has all
those so that kills like 50 birds with
Tom would describe me what pussy pussy
pussy no Jesus baby what I mean that
just makes me sound terrible that I
would that's the three words I would
describe you with that is the three
words you describe me Wow
it's not true it's our relationship what
can I say that hurts my feeling they did
Anna Cristina was a nice woman pretty
much the best three words I could
describe or was pussy pussy pussy thank
you guys at the eulogy bless us
I know he loves me or me and know I
would be like the three words describe
Christina our Hitler there Himmler and
Eichmann they're too much talking and
retarded Oh see sores
like retarded that she drools all the
time yes and if I describe myself yeah I
would say fun sexy dynamic he's a very
dynamic person a very dynamic person I
don't usually say that the girls like me
I'm a very dynamic person yeah clearly
you have to tell people you aren't
probably true I gotta pee we could
actually head we're actually one hour 10
minutes oh my oh my god was so much fun
mom's house yeah we should talk about
you both
you have CDs thrilled I know Tom Segura
is thrill and that's available on iTunes
and all that is oh oh I'm gonna do one
I'm gonna try to do one from the road
next week
I'll send you a file that's cool and
then maybe see people come in and do one
live that's possible I don't know that's
cool all right Meow's all right thank
you for coming to your mom's house